c:\users\gregory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\MacroRTS.exe
c:\users\gregory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\MacroRTS.pdb
c:\users\gregory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\gregory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\gregory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\gregory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\gregory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\gregory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\gregory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\gregory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\gregory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\gregory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\gregory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\gregory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\gregory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\gregory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\gregory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\gregory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\gregory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\gregory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\gregory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\gregory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\gregory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\obj\x86\Debug\MacroRTS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gregory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\obj\x86\Debug\MacroRTS.exe
c:\users\gregory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\obj\x86\Debug\MacroRTS.pdb
c:\users\gregory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\tower.png
c:\users\gregory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\blank.png
D:\GameDev\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\obj\x86\Debug\MacroRTS.exe
D:\GameDev\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\obj\x86\Debug\MacroRTS.pdb
D:\GameDev\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\blank.png
D:\GameDev\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\tower.png
D:\GameDev\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\MacroRTS.exe
D:\GameDev\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\MacroRTS.pdb
D:\GameDev\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
D:\GameDev\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
D:\GameDev\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
D:\GameDev\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
D:\GameDev\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
D:\GameDev\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
D:\GameDev\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
D:\GameDev\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
D:\GameDev\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
D:\GameDev\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
D:\GameDev\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
D:\GameDev\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
D:\GameDev\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
D:\GameDev\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
D:\GameDev\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
D:\GameDev\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
D:\GameDev\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
D:\GameDev\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
D:\GameDev\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
D:\GameDev\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
D:\GameDev\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\obj\x86\Debug\MacroRTS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\GameDev\RTS\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\obj\x86\Debug\MacroRTS.exe
D:\GameDev\RTS\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\obj\x86\Debug\MacroRTS.pdb
D:\GameDev\RTS\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\tower.png
D:\GameDev\RTS\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\MacroRTS.exe
D:\GameDev\RTS\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\MacroRTS.pdb
D:\GameDev\RTS\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
D:\GameDev\RTS\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
D:\GameDev\RTS\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
D:\GameDev\RTS\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
D:\GameDev\RTS\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
D:\GameDev\RTS\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
D:\GameDev\RTS\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
D:\GameDev\RTS\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
D:\GameDev\RTS\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
D:\GameDev\RTS\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
D:\GameDev\RTS\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
D:\GameDev\RTS\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
D:\GameDev\RTS\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
D:\GameDev\RTS\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
D:\GameDev\RTS\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
D:\GameDev\RTS\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
D:\GameDev\RTS\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
D:\GameDev\RTS\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
D:\GameDev\RTS\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
D:\GameDev\RTS\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
D:\GameDev\RTS\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\obj\x86\Debug\MacroRTS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\GameDev\RTS\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\walking.png
D:\GameDev\RTS\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\attacking.png
D:\GameDev\RTS\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\blank.png
D:\GameDev\RTS\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\walking-right.png
E:\GameDev\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\obj\x86\Debug\MacroRTS.exe
E:\GameDev\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\MacroRTS\obj\x86\Debug\MacroRTS.pdb
